we're going to California there are two
kinds of people in this world winners
and losers sarcasm is the refuge of
losers how much do I owe you for those
pearls a la mode translates as in the
fashion aisle a new trick shut up
everybody part
wait that's your name right are you
getting any pike guard man yeah you
should be getting that young stuff I
know you're a homo no but maybe you can
appreciate this dad that's enough how
about that
or something geez I'm being pulled over
everybody
just pretend to be normal
[Music]
grandpa am I pretty you are the most
beautiful girl in the whole world are
you saying that no I'm not I'm madly in
love with you and it's not because your
brains or your personality
[Music]
where's Olive
the daughter can't stop jump no one gets
left behind but no one gets left behind
standing
[Music]